README.md, before:

# arabic-laravel
Arabic package for laravel, arabic date, cut arabic string, arabic numer and since arabic format


## Installation

### With Composer

```
$ composer require ahmedsaoud31/arabic-laravel dev-master
```

or

```json
{
    "require": {
        "ahmedsaoud31/arabic-laravel": "dev-master"
    }
}
```
##### run command "composer update" in your project root 

# Use
### Ex1:
		use Arabic\Arabic;
		...
		$arabicText = 'إضافة اللغة العربية لإطار العمل لارافيل';
		$len = 40;
		echo Arabic::cut($arabicText, $len);

###outputs

  إضافة اللغة العربية...

### Ex2:
##### first argument format and second argument the time in timesstamps or strtotime php functions input format
##### if second argument not set, now server time will be used 
	
	echo Arabic::adate('w j من F Y g:i A');
	
### outputs

  ٠ ١ من فبراير ٢٠١٥ ١:٠١ مساءاً

### Ex3:

         echo Arabic::num('12.09');

### outputs

  ١٢٫٠٩

### Ex4:
##### time format in timestamps or strtotime php functions input format
	echo 'منذ '.Arabic::since('1-1-2015');
	
### outputs

  منذ ثوان
  
  منذ 32 دقيقة
  
  منذ ساعة و 20 دقيقة
  
  منذ 10 ساعات و 10 دقائق
  
  منذ يوم و 15 دقيقة
  
  منذ يوم و ساعة
  
  منذ يوم و  12 ساعة
  
  منذ إسبوع و ثوان
  
  منذ إسبوع و ساعة
  
  منذ إسبوع و  5 أيام
  
  منذ شهر و  يوم
  
  منذ شهر و إسبوع
  
  منذ شهر و إسبوعان
  
  منذ 10 أشهر و 6 أيام
  
  منذ عام و إسبوع
  
  منذ عام و شهر
  
  منذ 3 أعوام و 5 أشهر

Commit message:

fixing typo and sentence building
fixing typo and sentence building

README.md, after:

# arabic-laravel
Arabic package for laravel, Arabic date, build substring from pre-configured arabic string, Arabic number, and sentence includs "since YY MM DD HH:MM:SS" in Arabic format.


## Installation

### With Composer

```
$ composer require ahmedsaoud31/arabic-laravel dev-master
```

or

```json
{
    "require": {
        "ahmedsaoud31/arabic-laravel": "dev-master"
    }
}
```
##### run command "composer update" in your project root 

# Use
### Ex1:
		use Arabic\Arabic;
		...
		$arabicText = 'إضافة اللغة العربية لإطار العمل لارافيل';
		$len = 40;
		echo Arabic::cut($arabicText, $len);

###outputs

  إضافة اللغة العربية...

### Ex2:
##### first argument format and second argument are the time in timestamps or strtotime php functions input format
##### if second argument not set, the server time will be used instead. 
	
	echo Arabic::adate('w j من F Y g:i A');
	
### outputs

  ٠ ١ من فبراير ٢٠١٥ ١:٠١ مساءاً

### Ex3:

         echo Arabic::num('12.09');

### outputs

  ١٢٫٠٩

### Ex4:
##### time format in timestamps or strtotime php functions input format
	echo 'منذ '.Arabic::since('1-1-2015');
	
### outputs

  منذ ثوان
  
  منذ 32 دقيقة
  
  منذ ساعة و 20 دقيقة
  
  منذ 10 ساعات و 10 دقائق
  
  منذ يوم و 15 دقيقة
  
  منذ يوم و ساعة
  
  منذ يوم و  12 ساعة
  
  منذ إسبوع و ثوان
  
  منذ إسبوع و ساعة
  
  منذ إسبوع و  5 أيام
  
  منذ شهر و  يوم
  
  منذ شهر و إسبوع
  
  منذ شهر و إسبوعان
  
  منذ 10 أشهر و 6 أيام
  
  منذ عام و إسبوع
  
  منذ عام و شهر
  
  منذ 3 أعوام و 5 أشهر
